would you go on a blind date with my
best friend Matt in Hawaii for 24 hours
the four of us that yes theory have been
living together in making videos about
getting out of our comfort zones for
about two years now with a work and
travel schedule all over the place there
has not been too much time for any kind
of dating life this is particularly true
for Matt's having the producer role in
the team he's constantly planning and
organizing the behind the scenes work
for the videos you see on our Channel
now here's where things get interesting
he's always wanted to go to Hawaii and
he's never been on blind date so since
mr is the most social of the group he
took it upon himself to find a way to
combine the two now as much as we love
Matt there is no way we're spending
$2,000 one date so to find a way around
that we emailed Skyscanner
the app we actually used to book any of
our flights and we asked them if they
would cover the airfare they said yes to
making this day possible and now all we
needed was a spontaneous girl after
thinking about who would be the perfect
fit for Matt a mom called up Kate one of
his old friends in Canada and she said
yes to go on this adventure but would
only get to meet her for the first time
at the airport what about you walk
towards five and we will
we'll meet that would mean halfway that
is about to be this day we're gonna walk
there
others
[Music]
it's like what are you doing you're
crazy
do it love the attitude Mars my number
one make women like wherever we go so
it's totally been so helpful so there's
one thing we haven't done which is
hotels right now the maryam/mary
good all right you ready but
[Music]
this guy's hair I really wanna see
little do a dance welcome man Keith we
hope you have the most incredible blind
date
enjoy your time on
[Music]
okay it's 4:30 a.m. and we're going out
to meet Brian Ross who runs an adventure
company out here and he is gonna help us
see the different spots and sort of
introduce in different parts of Hawaii
so he's gonna take us to watch the
sunrise still hasn't told me where
exactly
you guys have any warm clothes all right
let's go find something warm for you
guys okay let's just begin here we go so
you guys welcome to Maui
so Maui is to volcanoes it's absolutely
incredible and this is the youngest and
largest volcano that's called Haleakala
house of the sun Haleakala is actually
one of the largest mountains in the
world but only the top 10,000 feet is
above the sea we're gonna go up to the
to the summit there so we're starting
every day with these coats
Haleakala Casa de Sun Wow
[Music]
so we're gonna start off here at the
summit at the heavens with the sky and
our next stop after breakfast is going
to be the ritual baptism at the
waterfalls and then we'll end the day in
the ocean where you're actually emerging
and get to be a drop in the sea and part
of the larger ecology how does the
morning been something that's been great
it's only 8:15 in the morning so we
already had a full day I've never felt
this way yeah I always feel very very
awkward on first dates always like
questioning if I'm truly being myself
and all this stuff but I'm just an
over-thinker that's the problem Brian I
need your wisdom
stop thinking come from the heart and to
make no mistakes when you come from the
heart
Brian yeah I'm part of the blind date
because before coming on this I was like
totally confident in like it's not a big
deal or whatever then the second it's
like made a thing like a date so my
question is can you go on a blind date
with your eyes open where can you go on
a blind date with your heart open spoken
from the island
Thanks his first blind date I've been on
to go into the caves it's close but I'm
not affiliated in any way
[Music]
I would see a very very awkward on first
date see Brian I think your wisdom to
make no mistakes need to come from the
heart
[Music]
[Applause]
she
you feel the
with your
outside just disease
[Music]
all right I think it was a super
successful day math and Kate are eating
dinner outside I'm gonna go out with the
camera and see how it's going see how
they did see how they went we had a
great day
what was your uh your final take Alice
best date I've ever been on gonna give
her 12 out of 10
usually the best date ever cross it off
I was initially so nervous I had never
done anything like that even close in my
life and when the date started I
wouldn't stop thinking about whether she
liked me whether I was being super
awkward but it was only when I made that
decision to open myself up without fear
of judgment that I allowed Kate to do
the same and that's what I've taken away
from the strip it's that when you show
your true colors when you're vulnerable
you allow them to show their true colors
to you too and that's a beautiful thing
so kid thank you getting so much for
coming on this crazy crazy crazy
adventure with me for the rest of you I
will see you all on Sunday have an
amazing
[Music]
should come in too
you feel the
with joy